[Music]
all right everyone I know it won't
really work on the zoom but please give
a warm round of applause for Stewart
Butterfield for for coming back to
sastra Stewart thank you so much for
joining us and taking out the time
that's super appreciated no problem my
pleasure thanks for having me so much
I'd love to chat about and I want to
talk about everything in bridging the
gap but just looking at that video and
thinking back to 2015 with 50,000 users
in the Bay Area
the IPO had it how do you feel
slack's been such a part of our lives
like how do you how do you how do you
take it all in how do you think back on
those five years I don't know if the
frog and boiling water is there my
metaphor or not but it's just you know
it's I've been in it all day so it was
actually kind of an interesting
throwback to see that punctuated gap
2050 to 2020 yeah I there are moments
when when I really appreciate it listing
day was definitely one of those days
my mom ringing the bell to open trading
of the stock and and kind of times like
that but the rest of time it's just work
there's just lots of stuff going on
there's always one more thing one more
hire one more customer one more feature
you know one more investor meeting and
just going yeah I really want to take
careful use your time but I want to be
nostalgic because we're stay from or
work from home and it's the end of the
day looking back like we've been doing
this for a while Flickr was was so crazy
it was bought for what 30 million
dollars by Yahoo money and that was like
crazy at the time wasn't it like oh my
god this Web 2.0 thing did you is it all
just so much bigger and crazier than you
ever thought it was is it hard to take
in at all um yeah I mean it's a
different world now too though because
like Flickr was already acquired maybe
like eight months or something like that
before YouTube was even founded mm
five we were required to 15 years ago at
that moment like the coolest phone that
you could get was a Motorola RAZR and if
people had them they would like you know
conspicuously put them on the table
during lunch so that's just a you know
one indication I that likes but probably
fewer than 40% of American households
had broadband access at home we were
still pretty early in the in the general
transition to digital
I guess that's four years after sales
force started with a software with the
you know the line through it and cloud
was born but it you know this is it is a
completely different universe
trying to think back to that time yeah
it's just and let's move on it's like
just flicker we didn't even think of
flicker as a cloud product but it was
actually one of the most disruptive
cloud products right no one thought how
could you even afford to store your
photos on the Internet and it was just
at the bleeding edge and we're kind of
doing it again
we're gonna blab with the time that
folks put your Q&A and we'll try to at
least hit some of the questions at the
end so from from consumer and Flickr I
want to fast-forward and I just want to
briefly share the slide with folks you
know this slide Stuart if you can see it
which is slack's percent of revenue from
the enterprise but a lot of folks who
are oh geez slack may be surprised right
they may think that slack is mostly a
tool for first startups or there's may
not realize but coming up or maybe even
past a majority of your revenues from
six-figure enough deal so slack has
become at least I would say fairly
enterprise and I think you use the
enterprise language right you have a
very interesting mix of small medium and
large now getting bigger which I want to
dig into but first tell us what you're
hearing today from CTOs and CEOs what
are you hearing this this slide is the
last feel you did before you before you
went to shelter at home so what can you
tell other founders what are you seeing
at the top you know I I think it's gonna
be so specific to the to the company in
the category the product but also I
think the the situation of the customer
I had a meeting with both the CEO and
the CTO
unnamed customer in retail say two three
months ago and they were describing how
they had just rolled out web acts to the
company last year but they talked about
it like they were in the Vietnam War and
it was just awful like you couldn't
believe how challenging the change
management was like this is just an
impossible transition for us and then
near the end of the call the CTO asked
me if I thought he should switch to
office 365 from on-premise and I was
like why are you asking me there's you
know if you put all the customers on a
spectrum and you know at this end is a
progressive digital first kind of
thinking really strategically about
their technology investments I forget
how many there are kind of at this end
of the spectrum who are significantly
behind and you know I think there's
almost certainly some bias towards who I
end up talking to first of all because
salespeople will put me with the you
know the more important strategic
customers or ones where it feels like
it's going to make more of a difference
but generally if there's an exec of the
company who wants to talk to me it's a
good indicator that they're thinking
pretty seriously about the stuff every
once in a while I get I get a lucky
break but I think that they're the new
investments that seem necessary now are
definitely getting made the good news is
you know if people can bridge the gap
but people can make it through to the
other side
I do think first for some customers
we're pushing them three or six months
down the road for others it's like three
or five years down the road of digital
transformation and you know we talked
about this actually my staff meeting
earlier today think about in the last 25
years how many companies had consultants
come in or like internal strategy teams
do like a prepare report about
telecommuting in the future and working
from home and what it would take and
just preparing the report took nine
months and the plans are all like you
know three to five year and if you asked
anyone if they could do it in a week
they would I said it's impossible
and then when turned out to be necessary
turns out it was possible so I think
that will
forestry evaluation of a whole bunch of
stuff down the line I mean there's some
stuff that's obvious like zoom we used
to sit in a conference room talking to
each other we still need to talk to each
other therefore we need some kind of
video conferencing voice and video
calling service some things are much
less obvious and I do think that once
we're out the other side and I have no
idea how long that is
once you're out the other side I do
expect kind of a further uptick in
investment in software technology
digital transformation cloud so kind of
good news for everyone in the audience
and what do you you probably I mean
slacks obviously seeing incredible
growth since shelter at home but to me
and I'm just more a student and a fan
and a user but it seems like you might
have missed the insight because I it
almost seems like the for shelter at
home slack was a poster child for the
innovation budget I want to bring
innovation into my enterprise and slack
is a tool where I will be a hero in my
country yep I don't hear much innovation
budget happening in April and May but a
ton of budget for must have for
mandatory and slack I feel like when
from an innovation tool to need it to
function in my business so is there a
trade-off there are you secretly
struggling in some weird corners of
slack at the same time as you're seeing
this avalanche of growth usage yeah well
let me yeah guess we're seeing
everything right so you mentioned in the
beginning to break down of enterprise
customers and we use that $100,000 error
mark it's a little bit arbitrary because
there's people who are way beyond that
and there's people who spend 50 or 80
thousand but we have a hundred and ten
thousand customers as you know at last
quarterly announcement there's only 500
companies in the fortune 500 so just
kind of necessarily at least one hundred
nine thousand five hundred of them are
in the fortune 500 so they're going to
be a lot of small businesses there's
state local musical government there's
like academic research labs there's
nonprofits
startups so we're really seeing
everything and I think you're right it's
a good point and I think it's on going
challenge for us
maybe not right just this quarter but
kind of historically and and when things
resume normal see that there is no line
item that we're replacing people's
budgets typically there is no other you
know like when I said in the 2015 is
still true this is a new category we
still have to invent it yeah and so you
know that presents some additional
challenge it also gives you a little bit
of latitude I mean I think net it's a
it's a disadvantage but it does give you
a little latitude to sell in a different
way and I think innovation budget is one
of those and obviously after thousands
and thousands of hours of practice you
started to refine ways to communicate to
both to the executives and kind of the
more you know procurement administrative
ite kind of look people who actually
have to deal with the stuff how to how
to pitch it yeah and what how have you
evolved like your onboarding process and
making customers more successful
especially with folks that are maybe the
one you described it and spent five
years evaluating WebEx how do you get
them up to speed on slack in an hour or
a day instead of maybe what change
management used to be yeah well we have
a I haven't experienced a lot of other
people so I don't know if this is really
true but I feel like we have the best
customer success team in the business
and there are now many tens maybe even
hundreds of thousands of hours of
experience and we used to think like
Oracle had through acquisitions maybe a
thousand or 2,000 people using slack and
in 15 months we took it to a hundred
thousand people wall-to-wall and we that
was like the record that was so fast
that just seemed like you know
mind-boggling ly fast and not to the
same extent I don't think but there was
a 72 hours to get to a hundred thousand
like a month ago but I think the success
comes when people are willing to invest
and and forget slack for a second you
join pretty much any company it's
unlikely that there's any part of
onboarding like there's all this here's
our security practices you get your
laptop here's provision your software
meet your team probably nothing on
culture of communication discipline
around communication expectations but if
you're a manager you spend more or less
a hundred percent of your time at
communication and for many roles inside
of enterprises certainly salespeople
it's gonna be close to a hundred percent
as well even the people who spend the
least amount of time a communication are
probably 30 or 40 percent of their time
even like you imagine the archetypal
back-end systems engineer kind of person
they still have to write
bug reports and code commits and
checkouts and they start to communicate
with their team and the manager but if
you average it out this is not data this
is just made up it's around 50% of
people's time I think is on really basic
communication and coordination so I'm
not the interesting strategic creative
stuff but just it's the daily stand-ups
it's the status reports it's the
quarterly business review it and it's
the road mapping sessions and everything
that a project manager does and I don't
mean to say that stuff's unimportant I
think the reason we invest such an
extraordinary amount of time is because
it's really important so now you imagine
I got 10,000 employees payroll is a
billion dollars a year half of that is
going towards just people trying to stay
coordinated you know just keep each
other up to date on what's going on just
answering each other's questions so that
they can do whatever the actual work is
so it's kind of nuts if there's zero or
close to zero investment on how we
should communicate how we should run
meetings how we should you know write
memos or anything there are exceptions
but generally people don't so we kind of
view the roundabout way to answer the
question that the Select success
services are kind of the missing
training from from onboarding at your
company that you maybe should have had
but that's also an effective pitch to
customers and it's hey look you're gonna
make this change this is going to affect
how people spend a couple of hours a day
use this as an opportunity to piggyback
some other change that you want to some
change in the culture shouldn't change
in process
a reorg and you know interestingly in
the current environment kind of looking
at the the same the same thing at a
global level the backdrop of global
pandemic change is so enormous that you
can kind of sneak in anything you want
and we see I see that talking to other
CEOs today not my customers just like
there's essentially a group therapy SAS
CEO roundtable and it's like oh that
reorg that we've been sitting on for six
months because we know people are gonna
be upset how's the time to pull it off
cuz no one really cares everyone's like
has a much higher tolerance for for
change and they would otherwise have
nice so you're seeing I mean I wanna
talk about enemies next but this is a
great time to push through
organizational changes challenge we have
no choice right so take it all take it
all together
what um this one from your from your
tweet good things on on the mouths and
dows and yowls and all the owls but one
hundred and ten thousand customers many
we go out of business I I remember when
you came to SAS during 2015 I was a
slack user but I wasn't really aware of
the fair billing policy back then that
you oughta be provision my jaw kind of
dropped my jaw also dropped when you say
you'd never have a salesperson you could
chat about that later with some time but
I really felt that the fair billing
policy was antithetical to how you scale
record revenues well what do you seem
today with your customers that are
struggling right not I mean it must be
material it's double digits that are
straight it's not just the the ones that
are growing what are you thinking what
are you learning and how is slack
evolved to help recipes yeah it's um so
we're doing there's a bunch of things
that we're doing some is more outreach
for new customers that seems of been
writing one-on-one consultations that
just anyone can sign up for if they have
a question needs help getting started
why they should do it I mean actually
doing my first one tomorrow but the team
has done hundreds and hundreds of these
we're also obviously doing more webinars
more training sessions we have every
vertical every geography so we obviously
we have customers and travel and
hospitality
like probably most of the big companies
you can think of in travel in
hospitality and they're obviously hurtin
pretty hard there's a lot of people who
is all you know CEO of another company
and he's like yeah my procurement guys
are asking for discounts as they should
be for from everything for everything I
think there's a little bit of that like
you know even if your business isn't
especially affected you might as well be
asking for discounts but it's pretty
obvious the ones that are hurting we
also did something where when when you
cancel look actually cancel okay plan
which historically has been you know
very very low so we have excellent
retention we do ask you why and when we
seek Ovid pandemic you know lock down
any of those things in the response we
just ride in the back and saying okay
have a couple months for free at least
so you know might help you wind things
down if you need to weight it down and
worst case you know we're not out
anything really in best case we have a
fan for life so there's a little bit of
that there's we're trying to be
proactive with some of our customers who
we know we're hurting but most of that
is just driven by family so we saw
enormous spikes and we started to see
churn and we kind of have to tease it
apart to see what's happening inside of
individual companies and I heard someone
said something like 80% of startups have
had some layoffs so I have no idea if
that's true or not I also don't know how
who measures that and how you would know
but there's definitely a contraction at
the same time as there is expansion but
the net positive for us at this point
but over the course of the year who
knows how that goes
yes so but take the three months from us
if codes impacting you on the exit seems
to have helped write as one actionable
tip yeah yeah and I was talking to you
again some of my peers colleagues a lot
of them are just giving kind of a budget
because it's usually not money do you
have to spend but kind of like an amount
of money revenue they're comfortable
giving up
and just letting people in the field
make those calls about how much they're
willing to go down and and I think that
everyone feels like that's worth it
because it's not like this is any kind
of new insight at all but acquiring a
new customer is expensive if you can if
you can maintain one that's really
really good I want you to just one I've
you know not on the other side I do
slack this tight another question was
you I think it's cheap I think you're a
CVS are not that high I think your
freezer prices compared to a pure set of
applications do you see a lot of that
procurement pressure are folks that are
paying I mean if I'm an enterprise and
I'm paying $200,000 here for slack it
feels cheap compared to my stack is are
you feeling folks that want 10% off just
to get it yeah I mean it's it's
everything and sometimes I'm you know I
don't even know how much we pay for most
software honest I just trust trust my
team and I as a general rule think if
we're buying software it's a good deal
because it frees up people to do the
stuff that people are better to do and
the things that are amenable to
automation tend to be more repetitive
and kind of mind-numbing menial tasks so
hopefully I'm not doing anything dumb
but I'm always struck by how irrational
people are not doctors sometimes a CEO
of a company like much bigger than us
who wants $100,000 discount I'm like
what the [__] what how are you spending
your time like this is spending their
time that's the mystery to me right yeah
like how could that possibly be a
priority for you but you know we get
your crazy expensive because people will
compare it to office 365 which they have
to license for the whole company you
know even if there's only 10% of the
company is using it I look at what we
spend on other software and you know we
spend as a multiple of what we would
sell slack to ourselves obviously B gets
locked for free we spend about 2x that
on a workday and I'm thinking of things
that are like basically company-wide
we also spent about 2x that on Zoom
because we have a huge number like every
conference room is a zoom room
and is it too expensive I don't know
because the sock will come out to 80
cents per user per day or something like
that and if you're spending 50 percent
of your time on internal communication
and this has a real impact on that who
cares like set the thermostat half a
degree warmer or cooler depending where
you live and there's your 80 cents a day
let's actually zoom you find folks pay
twice as much as I don't know about
other people I just because yeah the the
per user licensing for zoom is lower but
zoom rooms are pretty expensive and we
just we have a thousand of them or
something yes this one I I was super
curious about I find slack free
fascinating I think slack is cheap in
the enterprise and I also think it's too
free I think slack free is like the bet
well zoom free is pretty good deal 240
something thanks for nothing I get even
confused with zoom I'm on are paid or
everyone but you said more upgrading to
paid plans what what is what's what's
going on here in this free these crazy
times and what compose learn from this
so we have an internal metric that we
call successful teams because here's
what our funnels like I went to the
website because I was interested in it I
actually created a team which is
basically because I feel that a floor
and got to the end of the process I
actually launched the app I sent some
invites some invites were accepted
people actually used it to send some
messages people started to sustain their
usage so successful teams is like kind
of the earliest benchmark or we can say
these people are really giving slack a
try it's like over the course of the
week multiple people are signing them in
multiple days so everywhere from the
very top of the funnel 10 more people
showing up on the website and more teams
being created to more successful teams
two more of those paying all of those
and I you know like I said earlier the
success team is is more effective and
efficient now because customers are
really paying attention I think it's the
same thing like they try to make sure we
always keep this in mind as designers
and product people people who don't work
at slack really do not care like it's
like it's not important in their lives
compared to like their kids messing up
at school or they got in a fight with
their spouse or like you know we're
trying to remember the email and they
wanted
watch Netflix tonight or maybe they
should go to the gym or like what all
the stuff is going on their head if this
is the threshold that it requires for
you to take time out of your day to
visit our website every customer is just
just at that threshold no one's coming
in with an excess of intent like like I
might when I need a certain cable and I
go to Amazon or something like that I'm
I want to find that cable I need the
cable I know exactly what I'm doing
whereas most people are like I'm curious
about slack so people are coming with a
different attitude or different intent
like we need something I've heard this
is good so they're paying much more
attention they're putting more effort
and energy into it and you know if I
don't know if there's a tip based on
today's environment for four people but
here's like a I finally figured out how
to explain something that's that's
bothered me forever and that's um let's
focus on people's comprehension let's
focus on whether they want to do this
thing or not and less on the friction
movie because I you can make it tribute
and remove every bit of friction from
some process adding an app to a channel
it's like let's say but if no one knows
what what that means or why they would
want to do it then it's completely
useless to them on the other hand if
they knew what the value was and they
really wanted to do it
they'd overcome all kinds of obstacles
to get there and that's the the not
where we focus we tend to focus the
everyone has this kind of growth hacker
mindset kind of largely based on retail
like single interactions I did the thing
or I didn't do the thing and where that
doesn't work is it's not a big
commitment for me to buy a t-shirt or
something like that on an e-commerce
site I make the decision on my own it's
not a hugely consequential decision I
don't need to go away and think about it
but first looking for many other tools
I've got a risk some of my personal
capital inside the company to say to
invite people and say I think this is
worth your time and I have to put all
this energy and then the whole group has
to decide at once and then we have to
decide if we pay usually at you know
larger kind of customers there's legal
finance security procurement because all
these people you got to get involved
and kind of enrolled and making this
purchase with you so it's not at all
like the friction in the moment like how
hard it is to find the button or how big
the text is is actually relatively
unimportant compared to making sure that
we're building up a good enough model of
what people want and I think we have
made some improvements lately and that
can maybe account for a tiny bit of this
but this is almost all people are coming
in with a much higher degree of intent
like you know five times more desire to
actually get something out of their
visit to this website you know if we had
more time I love to explore like making
applications frictionless is not enough
because we love this idea right we all
love this idea of taking like we can
just think about it as builders like
let's relentlessly take friction out but
it's not enough and I suspect when you
talk to CIOs and CTOs that's not number
one or number two on their list versus
the the competition is friction isn't
it's something else what are their
number one or number two's day curiosity
why - why why are SEOs and CTO is
picking slack well this is an argument
that may not make sense here but I'm
happy to have in the broad sense I mean
only selects the only product that you
can choose if you want to do the thing
when slack does at any kind of scale we
have an enterprise good product allows
you to federate multiple workspaces
together for our largest customers that
means thousands or even tens of
thousands of workspaces millions of
channels and teams which is the real
alternative in some sense although I
think it's much more of a competitor to
zoom or other voice and video calling
services and it is a slack it's limited
to five thousand people for instance and
critically only 200 channels and if you
want to add a 200 in first channel you
have to hard delete one of them without
the whole history so it's not that I
don't think teams is a useful product
it's their replacement for Skype for
business they're migrating people over
and people need to do voice and video
calling I think it's also my reputation
anyway the world's best SharePoint
browser because it makes it now do you
have all kind of a locus for interaction
around uses word files it's much easier
than using SharePoint directly but
people choose slack because they want
something in this category a nice kind
of if their only choice if you you know
with a certain set of security
requirements or a certain scale you if
you want it you choose slack-jawed and
it just I would love to have that
learning for an hour but the meta
learning to me is frictionless isn't on
that list is it there that is not on
that is not for forgiving customer you
know like we had launched international
data residency in the fall and for
German customers and a lot of other
European customers are like we're not
having this conversation until we can
have our data stored in Europe
encryption key management came six
months or so before that and there's a
lot of customers who were just like
until we can manage our own encryption
keys we can't use this product so
there's that you know there's can we be
HIPAA compliant is it
FINRA compliant does it have this
there's that stuff and then there's does
this can you convince me that this
really fills a need that we have because
often what they're hearing is kind of an
undifferentiated desire among the end
users to continue to use slack or to
expand the usage and all you know is the
people like it but they don't know
exactly why and often end users can't
necessarily articulate exactly why they
like it either to be honest yeah let's
talk about this one because it's it's
fascinating to me maybe just give us one
or two learnings for everyone else how
do you even keep slack up I mean what
are the grow I mean you know I remember
I saw a true house didn't say something
maybe 60 days ago say they had about a
20% elasticity budget of Dropbox like
maybe that as far at their scale or for
files at least 20% and that was my
experience you're seeing an order of
magnitude more how is this even possible
and what should we learn from it well
you know I think if this had happened
six or nine months ago we would have
been much more challenged to keep up
with it
I think the investments we are making
over the last year have been you know
they've really they paid off and I think
people don't appreciate this scale of
stock you know people rarely do this now
but people say oh it's a message you
have I can make one in a weekend or
something like that at peak it's like
1.6 million transactions a second or
something like that I can I can look in
the background while we're talking here
it's it's huge there's tens of thousands
of servers it's a really complex
topology but we would focus mostly on
automating scaling and prior to that
there was an enormous effort to kind of
untangle parts of the internal
technology and the services because we
grew so fast and we you know we're
trying to do so much the engineers who
had been at slack for a long time and
had kind of jedi level knowledge of how
everything fit together could deploy new
code and not worry about things breaking
that often but for new people it was
just like oh my god every time i try to
deploy something something unexpected
breaks in this other part of the system
so the the kind of reef actors that
they've been doing which are always
really complicated when you have lots of
users and lots of data cuz you know you
can just make the change it's make the
change and then backfill data for
sometimes six months or a year a lot of
that has really paid off and if there
wasn't something like AWS I think we
would have been much more challenged to
accomplish this as well because a lot of
it literally the systems are automated
in the sense that we do have people
monitoring them you know people on call
all the time and they do have to
intervene but generally like
theoretically you could just sit there
and watch it on the ops team for a day
as suddenly it scales up now that's not
to say it's not hard work because it was
enormous work to get to that point yeah
I sort of quietly as a student watch on
Twitter which services are actually
going down that are under load and slack
and zoom have held up well there are
plenty out there I won't name names that
I can just see just go down right I can
just see the login page not work and
contentiousness know but maybe the meta
learning for me is you had to refactor
and it was six months ago you had to
refactor again to have this sort of
infinite or it's almost scalability to
really make it work because we did it
let's just help us a little bit because
I know we'll run out of time and let me
know if you need to leave the second but
tell us about this tweet tell us about
stress what have you what it how you
guiding the team what can you share with
the rest of us cathartic lis in terms of
helping folks that are I don't know what
we're in 38 days to this this crazy
world we didn't plan for yeah it seems
like a long time regular life just seems
so long ago now you know this this is
not necessarily useful advice if you
don't have the means and I do know
people who have you know thought they
had 18 or 24 months of cash on hand and
suddenly one revenue drops 90% they
actually only have 45 days of cash on
hand and they have to make pretty
dramatic choices so you know some of
these options aren't available to
everyone but I think going out of your
way to be good to Depot today will pay
off in the long run and we were out
there really early with a message if you
need to take some time off you need some
flexibility because the reality is we
had people working from home before they
had a home office set up they had
childcare you know at 11 o'clock in the
morning they could walk over to their
favorite cafe and sit on the sidewalk
and enjoy a coffee and then go back to
their home office and continue working
it's not like that like you know you
can't get a haircut like never mind
anything else and your everyone's
waiting to get their home internet
connection upgraded and everyone's
arguing with their spouse about who gets
which part of the kitchen for the next
video call and everyone's trying to
figure out what you do with the
six-year-old
who's going bananas being locked up in
the house so it's a it's a very hard
time I think we have to remember that I
also just I personally find it
exhausting like the by like five o'clock
I'm toasted and the number of hours I'm
working is not greater but maybe I hope
I'm getting more done because it just
seems so much more challenging than it
did normal life and we had a big surge
of adrenaline I think helped and kind of
pushed us through some of the early
weeks
but you know at some point that kind of
wears off and there are a lot of people
who are not who are unhappy you know
want to be able to go outside they want
to be able to go to a movie we want to
be able to go to the office and they
want to be able to see people and have
you know dinner out and stuff like that
and you know I don't have any prediction
but my personal guess is that it could
take us till the end of next summer
before where but I would have liked more
you know kind of back to work I cannot
see companies like because we don't have
to be in the office so why would we go
first there's no one guess it gives a
prize for being first I can't see us
being back in the office before
September and I think that would be
that's the absolute earliest and I don't
expect that to happen so this year next
year of this year again I think that's
the absolute release I don't I don't
think that's likely but I can't imagine
it happening any sooner than that and if
that's the reality then we're still you
know we're maybe 5 2 percent 10 percent
15 percent of the way into this we've
got a pace ourselves yeah I'm just
trying to learn and we'll hit our last
point but I just feel like it especially
Baria tech companies were the first to
go home they're gonna be the last to go
back I mean as a CEO gee would you want
to send anyone into an unsafe
environment you never would you're gonna
be the last person out there I mean to
say go back to the office if you're not
a hundred percent confident it's safe
yeah and you know we have offices in 15
countries so they'll be interesting to
see like we quit we shut down Japan a
month before San Francisco but we
actually opened it up back up
not everyone is expected to go to the
office but you can go to the office if
you'd like Tokyo was not designed for
the whole family including the kids to
stay in the apartment all day that's
just not how the society works thank you
the game especially needed it now
they're closed down again Australia
might open up earlier so you know we'll
keep an eye on on those things but no I
definitely I certainly wouldn't want to
encourage anyone
at some point I think when it seems like
it's safer giving people the option to
go ahead to have a different space to
get some work done and I think there's
something that we would consider but
yeah it's I do think this is gonna be a
long long time a long time yeah the last
one I wanted to hit and then if there's
anything else you want to hit with your
scarce time let me know cuz it's always
interesting me I met this one as a joke
but maybe I'll answer it more you're
you're a cast iron pans as you're butBut
shelter hacks either tell me a home one
we can have fun or give me a work one
like from a leadership perspective like
what have you learned what your pack
they'd be on slacking but what have you
what's your top learning that's improved
things at home work yeah so for on the
home front it's really interesting you
know I've never I'm not in the top half
I'm probably in the bottom quartile for
like handy handyman you miss or
something like that
and I never learned how to sharpen
knives I love cooking so finally learn
how to sharpen knives there's a lot more
dishes there's a lot more cooking and
cleaning and I actually kind of like
that because I'm like you know stupid
to-do list here it's finite and it's
kind of tangible and I can I can see
measurable progress and I can get it
done so I almost find it therapeutic to
to cook a big meal and clean up and so
if you don't have cast-iron pans I
recommend just get some those cheap
lodge ones that cost 20 bucks or
something and you can scrub them with
metal scrapers if you want and they're
so good on the leadership side I don't
think I've been living up to this to the
extent that I should but I talking to
Scott and Mike from Atlassian and in the
early days they were uploading a short
video like a 90 second video to the
whole company every single day just to
say people you know here's what we're
hearing right now here's what what's
going on the business we just want to
let you know that and fill in the blank
with with whatever because this is this
global situation is an ex-analyst
raishin of the kind of one final thought
and that's it
human beings hate uncertainty like we're
just it's
into every culture you know that it
can't things can't be random and
unexplained it can't just be a roll of
the dice that it didn't rain here this
year it must be that we didn't sacrifice
enough goats or something like that
there has to be a reason for everything
and it has to be knowable and I think
this is really testing all of our
ability to even continue to function
cognitively in an environment where we
don't um where we don't have that kind
of certainty so on the leadership side
but you know this could be CEO this gave
me the line manager this could be
individual contributor on a team who has
who wants to provide some leadership for
everyone else
leaders remind people what's important
and while we can't know what's gonna
happen with the economy we can't know
what's going to happen with the health
and the other impacts of the pandemic
there are a lot of things we can know
and there are a lot of reasons why we do
things that people could stand to be
reminded of them and this is a great
opportunity for people to double down on
purpose and the impact that they have on
customers and kind of what they want to
accomplish either out of the business or
out of their lives and you can't bring
that up often enough I don't think
something we're all right strudy I would
love to check for anything else do you
think the founders and others that will
watch this would like to know today and
it could be helpful
um yeah I'm sorry we didn't get to the
questions I tend to answer pretty for
mostly nobody just going back to the
very beginning I hopefully as many of
you as possible can hang in there while
the world sorts that stuff out because I
do think the other side of this is gonna
be great for software in general a lot
of people who thought something was
impossible are gonna now think maybe
it's possible a lot of people who had
resisted certain kinds of change now
having been thrust into this great
change or more open-minded about um
about what they'd attempt so there's
that you know there's just like there's
gonna be even more opportunity let's say
three
years from now than there was last year
or three years when we get through it
right and maybe this to just summarize
then we will break my view I don't run
slack but I think the boost is slacks
getting is an example I think it will be
permanent I don't think anyone that's
all of a sudden come to slack once we
get together at home and say I don't
need slack anymore I think you may be in
industries that don't benefit today that
are hurt but when we come out of this I
think we're gonna get an even bigger
push than we anticipated before yeah no
I can see that too yes all right Stuart
thanks for making this time I know you
have a lot going on I sure everybody
appreciated it and you're a good friend
disaster and to everyone in the cloud
we'll talk to you soon
thank you I'm glad you were able to pull
this off it must have been a little
heartbreaking to cancel the real thing
and hopefully you're back soon we'll be
back all right thank you so much this is
[Music]